# Github page of Wonbyung Lee
## Introduction
Hello, I am Wonbyung Lee, who majored in statistics in college and is currently completing a master's course in artificial intelligence convergence. Since I was young, I have loved to play and watch sports, especially baseball and soccer. So I became interested in sports-related activities that I like and can enjoy, and I started to look closely at the data that come out in each game, not just watching sports. As a result, I became interested in classifying and combining data, creating new data, and predicting things that I can do using data. My current ultimate goal is to become a sports data analyst and analyze the data of the team I support, and to be helpful to the team. Jobs such as data scientists, data analysts, and big data analysts who can touch data even if it is not necessarily a sport are also areas that I am aiming for. As such, I am looking for and studying skills that deal with the data needed to perform the job in my desired job, which I record in the 'Personal Study' window on the right side of the screen. I have also tried many projects to experience dealing with data, and I will continue to try them in the future. Areas of interest include saber matrix, computer vision, natural language processing, LLM, etc.
- B.S : Department of Statistics, Dankook University, Yongin, Republic of Korea
- M.S : Department of Applied Artificial Intelligence, Sungkyunkwan University, Seoul, Republic of Korea
- Email : co279727@gmail.com
- Phone : +82 010-9508-1478
